---
layout: default
title: "OSGeo UK: 2016 AGM minutes"
---

### OSGeo:UK 2016 AGM Minutes

Jo Cook 17th June 2016

## Reports and Accounts

Steven explained that we had an initial balance of just over £7,000 which was a donation from FOSS4G 2013
We don't have any firm accounts yet as we're still sorting out the bills for FOSS4GUK. However, we should make a  surplus on the event, which will feed back into the OSGeo:UK funds.

## Officers 

All existing officers are happy to stand for the next year.

* Chair: Jo Cook
* Treasurer: Steven Feldman
* Secretary: Antony Scott

Seconded by Angharad Stone and Jeremy Morley and agreed.

## Use of funds

 * Scholarships for future events?
 * We will propose some suggestions, probably with a survey on the mailing list when we know how much money we have.

## Membership Fees

 * We will have a two-tier membership. Standard members will be the same as now, i.e. it will be open to all, discussions will happen via the mailing list. 
 * We will charge for voting membership. Voting members have the responsibility to vote when asked. OSGeo:UK will incur costs to administer this, so a small admin charge (<£10, probably £5) will be applied.
 * Company membership will entitle the company to probably one or two voting members and a logo on the website. The cost will be around £80-100 a year.
 * Sam Franklin noted that the existing PayPal "Donate" button on the website makes it hard for him to persuade his company that it's a membership rather than a donation so we need to adjust this when we announce the membership options.

## Future Events

 * Current organising chair and vice-chair are not prepared to run a similar-size event next year (2017)
 * French chapter does events every two years, so this is an established idea
 * We are open to anyone suggesting events, we will support people running events.
 * We will probably solicit votes for types of one-day event

## Any Other Business

* How to get involved- sign up to mailing list. Find it via nabble or on uk.osgeo.org
* Steven Feldman will do follow up email to get people to sign up to mailing list
* LocationTech would love to help with FOSS4GUK (Thank You!)
* We need some discussion around what we do with money- is supporting community events better than putting money back into software? We will have a survey once we get a formal idea of the amount of money. Not all projects can accept donations.

