---
layout: default
title: "OSGeo UK: 2018 AGM minutes"
---

### OSGeo:UK 2018 AGM Minutes

12th September 2018

### Officers and Trustees Present

* Jo Cook
* Steven Feldman
* Matt Travis
* Alastair Graham

#### Apologies for Absence

* Antony Scott
* Dave Barter

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

* [Minutes of previous meeting](http://uk.osgeo.org/agm/agm2017minutes.html) approved

### Past and Future events

* Thanks to everyone involved in organising FOSS4GUK 2018, it was a big success.
* FOSS4GUK 2019 will be happening but isn't formally announced yet.
* QGIS UK events- FOSS4GUK are happy to act as banker as long as they are revenue-neutral. 
* UK Mapping Festival- no "official" presence, but Steven Feldman was there for one day- it could have been better, but perhaps if there's a chance to organise an open source day next year we should try to be involved if it doesn't conflict with FOSS4GUK.
* FOSS4G ECO didn't happen due to funding and time constraints.
* General feeling is that themed streams possibly work better than themed events- cross-pollination
* For FOSS4GUK events venue is key- Geovation Hub was too small really. We're looking for venues with a capacity of 200-300.
* For future events we need to consider diversity, and actively seeking participants from minority groups. We need to monitor diversity too.

### Accounts Review

* Draft accounts prepared by Matt Travis and reviewed by Steven Feldman.
* Total income ~£18K
* Total expenditure ~£14K
* Figures include FOSS4G and QGIS UG
* We made ~£7K from FOSS4GUK
* Net profit £3.5K
* Balance £13K
* Corporation Tax £703 to be paid by end December
* Accounts approved

* Typically we make donations in March and FOSS4GUK 2019 will happen after 2019 tax submission so we will show a loss in 2018-2019.
* Aim to get more personal donations.
* Supported Geoserver Code Sprint, QGIS, FOSS4G Travel Grant in 2017-2018
* Are supporting Regina Obe (via Patreon) and PostGIS in 2018-2019
* Is sponsorship of software the best use of our funds or should we be focusing on individual travel grants (we had one request last year)- how to promote this- make it more obvious on the home page?

### Appointment of Officers

* Steven retiring as treasurer- Jo nominates Matt Travis to take over, seconded by Tom Chadwin. Happy to remain as a trustee/committee member
* Registered office to stay at Steven's address for as long as it's necessary
* Antony Scott is happy to stand as secretary again
* Jo happy to stand as chair again

### Any other business

* Application to become a charity was rejected, but re-submitting would be hard, and would probably not get accepted. Given that the main reason was for tax purposes, the trustees/committee feel it's not worth re-submitting. The reporting burden for charities is quite severe as well.
* Steven Feldman proposes an amendment to the constitution to increase the number of committee members to 4. Seconded by Matt Travis and approved.
    * This needs to be posted to the list, and sent to the secretary 28 days beforehand as per constitution. We then need an SGM to agree it.
* Jo happy to coordinate OSGeo:UK response to Geospatial World Leadership call for evidence. Steven is concerned about a conflict of interest and will not be participating in the OSGeo:UK response.

### Date of next AGM

* TBA September 2019 (roughly)

