---
layout: default
---

### OSGeo:UK 2024 AGM

### Minutes of OSGeo:UK 2024 AGM
18th Novenber 2023 at 1pm, online

### Officers and Trustees Present
Nick Bearman (Chair), Ant Scott (Secretary), Matt Travis (Treasurer), Alastair Graham, Tom Armitage, Dave Barter (Committee), James Milner, Paul Wittle, Alexei Schwab, Jonny Huck, Catherine Clissold-Jones, Steven Feldman, Dan Ormsby, Ian Mayo

#### Apologies for Absence
Barry Rowlinson

### [Minutes from previous meeting](./agm2023minutes.html){:target="_newpage"}
Minutes approved.

Noted that conference insurance question needs to be followed up before the next major conference is organised.

### Accounts 2023-24

 - Total Income: £7,182.58 
	- Total Expenditure: £8,088.90 
	- Loss: £906.32
	- Balance at year end (end March 2024) was £14,000.90
	- Current balance for AGM is £13,825.54

Noted that some events in FOSS4G:UK local last year needed some subsidy, hence the small loss. There is expected to be a small surplus in the current year following a successful FOSS4G:UK SW event.
 
### Election of officers

All officers and members apart from Tom Chadwin and Joseph Seddon had indicated their willingness to be re-elected, leaving one vacancy on the committee. After discussion, Catherine Clissold-Jones was unanimously elected to fill the vacant spot, and Jonny Huck proposed as a co-opted member, to be confirmed by the committee. Dave Barter volunteered to work as co-Treasurer with Matt Travis.

The pros and cons of limited terms of 3 years for commitee members/officers was discussed. Agreed that this was a long term goal, but was dependent on adequate numbers of members involved to fill positions. The committee will discuss further. Also noted that specific roles for committee members are useful, particularly for new members.

### QGIS Domains - update


### Communications - update (inc. newsletter)

Al reported that the newsletter had been a success the peak engagement was 55% from c. 900 subscribed. Circulation is every 2 months.
Tom A agreed to take on a social media comms role to supplement this. Al was congratulated on the quality and succes of the newsletter.

The figures for social media followers are:
- UK mailing list: 283(?)
-	Matrix room: 76(?)
-	Twitter/X OSGeo:UK: 1,162
-	Twitter/X FOSS4GUK: 785
-	Mastodon: 197
-	Blue Sky: 292

### [FOSS4G:UK 2024 South West](https://uk.osgeo.org/foss4guk2024/bristol.html){:target="_newpage"}

Agreed that this was a very succcesful event, with a full house of c. 65 delegates, and tickets sold out over two weeks before - probably could have sold 100 tickets. Delegates were from all parts of the country, with a great variety of talks.
Noted that diversity was still an issue in audience, talks and committee, although all submitted talks were accepted. Suggested that short talks and online or recorded presentations may help.
Also noted that a budget up front would have been useful.

### Future events

There is some interest in organising FOSS4G Europe or internation. Paul has done some initial research, for both Europe and international we would need to express an interest asap. 2026 is first realistic date, though 2027 is also an option. Paul will follow up.
Agreed that we would aim to stage a national event in 2025. Noted that a healthy reserve will be needed to fund this - probably at least £8k. There has been some discussion about holding this in Bristol, but there may be other opportunities - Al will ask for suggestions on the OSGeo:UK list.
It was suggested that a member of the committee should be responsible for encouraging/coordinating events, large and small.

### Funding of Open Source Geo Projects ([GoFundGeo](https://uk.osgeo.org/gofundgeo.html))

All proposals agreed:
- pgRouting Gold Sponsorship Level, $1200/£963 per year
- QGIS Sustaining Membership small level, €1,000/£840 per year
- qgis2web: Supporting Andrea Ordonselli to take on and develop gis2web, £1000
- GeoServer, £1,000
- Terra Draw, James Milner, £1,000
- GISRUK & OSGeo:UK GoFundGeo Award, £200
- OSGeo Sponsorship Silver, £0
- Total: £5,003
Budget: ~£6000

For next time, consider diversity goals and improving academic links, and encourage UK-centric bids.

### Any other business

Agreed that the OSGeo:UK website needs a revamp - Al will review. Pages need titles.
Links on website for committee should go to OSGeo profiles.

### Date of next AGM - proposing Nov 2025
