---
layout: default
title: "OSGeo UK: 2021 AGM minutes"
---

### Minutes of OSGeo:UK 2021 AGM
27th October 2021 at 12pm, online

### Officers and Trustees Present
Jo Cook (Chair), Ant Scott (Secretary), Matt Travis (Treasurer), Alistair Graham, Dave Barter, Tom Chadwin (Trustees) and five other members.

#### Apologies for Absence
Steven Feldman

### Minutes
The [minutes of the 2020](https://uk.osgeo.org/agm/agm2020minutes.html) AGM were approved. 

### Accounts 2020-2021
The Treasurer presented a summary of the accounts, and these were accepted.

* Total Income: £2,526
* Total Expenditure: £2,040
* Profit: £485
* Current Balance: £14,271 (current + PayPal)

Sponsorship 2020/2021

* Funding for Patreonship of Regina Obe: $60 per month 
* QGIS Vector Tile development: €800
* Rasters Revealed: £62

Sponsorship 2021/2022
There was a discussion on sponsorship for the current year, bearing in mind the current state of funds. It was agreed that a possible approach would be to decide on an overall budget, possibly in the region of £5k, and to ask for proposals, with clear parameters and expectations set. Preference would be given to UK-based proposals. 

The Committee will meet to progress this.

### Past and Future Events
No events are currently planned, but there was a general desire to see 'in-person' events return in 2022 subject to circumstances. Ideally this would be hybrid, to include remote attendance, but the challenges of making this work satisfactorily were discussed - lessons could be learned from FOSS4G 2021. Tom A had some experience of tech which supported this well.

It was agreed that the Committee would support this in principle, and a number of people indicated their willingness to be involved. An invitation for initial ideas/ participation will be circulated.

Alistair reported that he was planning a Geospatial Developers Conference of some kind next year, with the goal of bringing togther devs who normally work independently of each other.

### Officers
As Jo was stepping down from her role as Chair and from the Committee, there was a vacancy for Chair. 
There were two nominations for the post - Nick Bearman and Joe Seddon, and after an election, Nick was elected. 
Tom Armitage and Joe Seddon were elected to the Committee unamimously.

### AOB
Ant proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Jo for everything she has done for OSGeo:UK over the past 15 years, including organising many events, not least FOSS4G 2013. This was endorsed by all.
