---
layout: default
title: "OSGeo UK: 2017 AGM minutes"
---

### OSGeo:UK 2017 AGM Minutes

7th September 2017

### Officers and Trustees Present

* Jo Cook
* Steven Feldman
* Matt Travis
* Alastair Graham

#### Apologies for Absence

* Antony Scott (Secretary)

### Minutes of Previous Meeting

* [Minutes of previous meeting](http://uk.osgeo.org/agm/agm2016minutes.html) approved

### Reports and Accounts

* Two sets of accounts because we opened our bank account mid-month. 
* Nothing happened in the second accounting period!
* Profit of ~ Â£4500
* Tax due December 2017
* Donations made to QGIS Code Sprint, QGIS Silver Sponsor, Rasters Revealed
* Accounts accepted

### Appointment of Officers 

* Antony Scott confirms in advance that he is happy to stand again this year
* Steven Feldman confirms he is prepared to stand as Treasurer
* Jo happy to stand again as Chair
* Seconded by Matt Travis and Steve

### Charitable Status

* We are in the process of registering as a charity
* Trustees appointed:
    - Dave Barter
    - Matt Travis
    - Alastair Graham

### Future Events

* FOSS4GUK 2018 Geovation have offered the Geovation Hub in March, date not fixed- it will be up to whoever leads the event to liaise. Steven prepared to be Treasurer, but we do need a Chair/Vice-Chair. Hoping James Milner would co-chair- with someone else. Tom Chadwin possibly prepared to co-chair but concerned about geographic proximity- but they have an events organiser. **Tom Chadwin to liaise with James Milner off-list**.
* FOSS4G ECO no one present to discuss but possibly waiting for funding from outside OSGeo:UK. See [foss4eco](https://gitlab.com/foss4eco/foss4eco).

### Any Other Business

* Possible MoU with AGI- Jo in discussion with Abigail Page, also in relation to AGI Cymru event next month, around open source.
* QGIS Developer Meeting- worth approaching Ordnance Survey? How much involved? Less enthusiasm for it than for a FOSS4GUK event. We've already sponsored QGIS so maybe should look elsewhere, but other projects are less well-equipped to accept donations.
* GeoTools/GeoServer are putting together a plan for replacing JAI but this isn't far enough forward- see [discussion](https://github.com/geotools/geotools/wiki/Replace-JAI). **Ian Turton to chase up**
* BCS Event in September 2018, potential for OSGeo:UK involvement, **Nick Bearman to liaise**, to be discussed on the mailing list
* European OSGeo Chapter now up and running, has [mailing list](https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/eu). Remit is as a lobbying point for EU, to encourage use of Open Source. Also to coordinate pan-European projects. Registered Charity in Belgium, Ian Turton is a Director. Suggestion that they might take over the planning of FOSS4GEU. They are not at the point where they are asking for support from the local chapters but we should probably support them if/when they ask.
* Potential for running events such as Steven's [Sales and Marketing Course](http://knowwhereconsulting.co.uk/blog/sales-marketing-101-workshop-feedback/) or other courses. Need to be open to other non-Astun-affiliated courses too to avoid bias. Two options- either run as an OSGeo:UK event or simply promote/sponsor events that Steven runs publicly. We could look at sponsorship of this event in the same way as we consider sponsoring other events.
* Put out an announcement on how much we are prepared to make available for sponsorship. Discussion between the Officers and Trustees about a discretionary fund **Steven Feldman to start off-list discussion**.

### Date of next AGM

* TBA September 2018 (roughly)

