---
layout: default
title: "OSGeo UK: 2022 AGM minutes"
---

### Minutes of OSGeo:UK 2022 AGM
11th October 2022 at 12pm, online

### Officers and Trustees Present
Nick Bearman (Chair), Ant Scott (Secretary), Matt Travis (Treasurer), Alastair Graham, Dave Barter, Tom Chadwin, Joseph Seddon (Committee), James Milner, Paul Wittle, Seraphim Alvanides, Barry Rowlinson.

#### Apologies for Absence
Alastair Graham, Tom Armitage, Matt Walker

### Minutes
The [minutes of the 2021](https://uk.osgeo.org/agm/agm2021minutes.html) AGM were approved. 

### Accounts 2021-2022
The Treasurer presented a summary of the accounts, and these were accepted.

* Total Income: £0
* Total Expenditure: £1558.34
* Loss: £1558.34
* Balance at year end was £11,765.25
* Current balance in the accounts is £16,676.18 (13/10/2022)

### Future Events
Current focus is on [FOSS4G:UK Local 2022](https://uk.osgeo.org/foss4guk2022local/).

Future events will be considered later in the year - options include a traditional in person, single-venue event, if a group is willing to organise, or a series of events on the lines of [FOSS4G:UK Local 2022](https://uk.osgeo.org/foss4guk2022local/).

A survey will be carried out after FOSS4G:UK Local 2022 of delegates and mailing list asking for assessment of the event, and views on next year's event.

### Election of Officers
The current officers and committee are all willing to continue, and were elected unopposed. The committee will consider whether to co-opt additional members after FOSS4G:UK Local 2022. Noted that Joseph Seddon is a co-opted non-voting member.

### Funding of Open Source Geo Projects
The following decisions were taken on funding.
* Funding for Patreonship of Regina Obe: $60 per month to continue
* James Milner, development of Terra Draw, £800
* QGIS Sustaining Membership, €500 [£440] (per year)
* Lutra Crowdfunding: Point cloud processing in QGIS, £1,000
* North Road/Nyall Dawson QGIS HTML formatting in labels, £1,000

A total of: £3,874.11.

The Treasurer will process these payments.

For the remaining proposals, the following was decided:
* Paul Wittle, Dorset Council, £200 - to be discussed in Spring when Paul has more details
* Kevin Williams, Welsh Government, £2,000 - LOG4J and Geoserver discussions, Tom Chadwin to follow up
* GDAL funding, Nick Bearman to followup, in particular how much of GDAL initial funding bid is left, are they interested in a continued funding option?

Potentially about £1,000 remaining for allocation at a later date.

Possible funding for next year:
* OpenLayers, support developer directly
* GeoServer
* QGIS integration with toolsets commonly used in UK local authorities, for example the use of Open UPRN from Ordnance Survey. Paul Wittle and Matt Travis to follow up. Also include potential funding / match funding from LAs

### AOB
There was no AOB.

### Date of next AGM
Agreed that it would be at similar date next year, to be decided.
